nore thi sstuff

Death is terrible for anyone. Young or old, good or evil, it's all the same. Death is impartial. There is no especially terrible death. That's why death is so fearsome. Your deeds, your age, your personality, your wealth, your beauty... They are all meaningless in the face of death.

Death is not friendly. It's dark, black where you look at it. You're all alone. But it's no different when you're alive, right? No matter how many relationships we seem to have, we're all alone.

The ideal tool for controlling people is fear. And nothing overwhelms people more than an unseen fear.

Step one foot outside, and with one pull of a trigger, you can inflict a fatal injury; with one push of a button, you can blow up a whole lot of people at once. The world truly is a cavalcade of efficiency in violence. Still... whether hacking each other with stone axes, cutting each other with swords, shooting each other with guns, cursing each other with magic, or taking aim at each other with missiles, for some reason, there's a craving that grips us, from which we can't evolve away.

You're the idiot. 3D girls are way too much trouble. The first is "the most beautiful girl in school," which is a dating sim trope that doesn't exist in reality. The second is having two of the "most beautiful girl in school" is contradictory. And the third is the wildly mistaken notion that a 2D-only otaku like me could possibly have a 3D girlfriend.

There is no heaven or hell. No matter what you do while you're alive, everybody goes to the same place once you die. Death is Equal.

In this world, there is only good and evil, that was the first universal truths I grasped from observing the world around me when I was a child. Every human being without exception ends up falling into one category or the other.

The real evil is the power to kill people. Someone who finds himself with that power is cursed. No matter how you use it, anything obtained by killing people can never bring true happiness.

Do gods of death love apples?

The dead cannot cry out for justice. It is a duty of the living to do so for them.